Hello
Mr. Gu, then I'll go back to work first
Oh beautiful woman
Do you look like a famous actress?
His name is
Beautiful woman what are you laughing at
The way you strike up a conversation is a bit old-fashioned
Why don't you recognize me?
I'm the bumpkin you mentioned yesterday
It's my fault for being blind. Secretary Jiang, don't care.
Hey, dare not
I want to ask about that.
What happened between me and Mr. Gu last night?
To say last night
That was such an eye-opener.
cold
I have known Yunting for so many years
Except for his white moonlight
The first time I saw holding a girl
I was wrong. I want to buy a bag and deliver it to Zheng Yuan today.
Ah, cool!
Excuse me?
I have something urgent to deal with, so I'll go first
Yunting, this kid is really lucky
60 million a bag
As expected of the only one in the world
I don't know how Xiaoxiao is doing recently.
Xu Tezhou said that Yuntian has a gift for me
Don't know what it is.